After {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-816b-b78c-cb61b06b33d4|Duel on the Plains}}, Ferdinand confesses most of the truth to Chu Jian, including his real name, after which she sets off on a journey. After Gabella Thurandare's death, {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-81f4-9475-f198efbb4829|Clan Thurandare}} declined rapidly. Given how rare the surname Thurandare has become, the protagonist can easily guess that there might be some connection between herself and that great mage. When she asks Ferdinand about this, he briefly explains the events recounted in {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-81da-ab3d-c0f306cff043|Rock Beneath: the Riddle-Prologue}}, and tells Chu Jian that he thinks all those pursuing them are looking in the wrong direction. Since none of the causal chains regarding the murder hold up, Thurandare most likely was not killed by Enporia, who therefore would not be hiding in the Chen Qunshan range out of a desire to escape punishment. If Enporia is still alive, he must be living in some beautiful, remote place.

While passing through {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-812d-a8a7-dd85efe19159|Mountains of Tide}}, Jiu Chu recalled Ferdinand's description of "scenic and secluded," and decided to try to find the truth of Deep Stone Below here.

After arriving at {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-81ed-ba2e-f9923f668708|TideWatch}} (the flat top of the Mountains of Tide makes it ideal for watching the tides, hence the name), using a reveal spell allows you to discover additional construction beneath the platform. If it is at night, you will directly enter a boss battle with 恩波利亚. The outcome of the boss battle only affects a few lines of subsequent dialogue and has no impact on story progression (it is virtually impossible to win this early in the game).

&nbsp;
