SoD, Seed of Demon, is the pinnacle creation of {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-81cd-962d-d1261b77d3b5|the Peírama}}'s magical technology. The original seed (with the ability to proliferate into new seeds) exists in and only one copy, which was handed from {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-8179-a9c3-ebd84dc6d585|Fandrare Kyren}} to {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-81c9-afa6-edd10655ccf0|Alice}} before the fall of Peírama and has always remained in her hands.

{{link:35b0aee4-fbad-8171-bb00-edea89ed9092|Oraculum}} is precisely what grew from the first copy sample of the SoD. In the original plan, the other {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-8192-9667-f4dda37b7886|Augurium}} of the holy tree is a copy of another seed that never sprouted, and exists within {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-8178-aa49-ebc47202a238|Tithiel Earendel}}'s body.

&nbsp;

In short, SoD is "existence" itself, and can be shaped by injected mana into any entity, such as Oraculum. If one wishes for it to be shaped into {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-81df-b26a-e63ae871452a|Beings}}, a memory is required.

Given that there is no non-destructive method of memory transfer (memories must be moved from the original and cannot be duplicated), it is impossible to use the SoD to create a clone.

You can inject {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-8117-9ef3-e567a61d39e6|Reflorescence}} to enable proliferation, but clones cannot be cloned a second time. Once a second cloning attempt is made, the clone specimen exhibits uncontrollable self-proliferation—the escape of second-clone experiment subjects was the direct cause of Peírama's destruction, and is also the source of all unnameable things in 潘德莫尼亚. This is also why it is called SoD. In fact, the proliferation capability and instability of first-generation clones is already significantly weaker than the original, which is also the reason why {{link:35b0aee4-fbad-8171-bb00-edea89ed9092|Oraculum}} is so fragile.

The original is an embryo-like seed contained in a small bottle, pale white in color. The replica, except for being deep black in color, has the same shape as the original in all other respects.

&nbsp;
